hello this is a video of how to use
the magnifying glass of windows
this only works on windows 7 and only
who infect the theme to hero because in
basic themes of windows only works
the coupled lens
The first thing we have to do is
we give right click customize
here are the aero topics with the
that works the magnifying glass of windows 7 in the
basic themes and even contrast only
the trailer works
then we go to the tab of
screen
here
says to facilitate the reading of
elements in the screen to the
so
says to change the text size
blah blah blah blah and until the end says
magnifying glass and they click
I already activate the light
and to modify the magnifying glass just follow
here is a way old magnifying glass loupe
to make it smaller bigger
big
here to change the options for
expand the range of
of the entity here there is active investment
color size of the magnifying glass
to make them bigger more boy more
width
and to change the other modes of the
magnifying glass are given to nothing magnifying glass click
left in views and select
fullscreen
that here he throws it full screen
can look for trailer that is the lens
normal
coupled and the entity that is the best that
we use to show all
Screen types
then as you can see
increases increases
the magnifying glass only gives double click and for
close the magnifying glass easily health give you
click and close here